Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
After all is said and done, more is said than done.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over.
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
Please all, and you will please none.
Appearances are often deceiving.
A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him.
Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
He that always gives way to others will end in having no principles of his own.
Destroy the seed of evil, or it will grow up to your ruin.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Adventure is worthwhile.
It is thrifty to prepare today for the wants of tomorrow.
Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Slow but steady wins the race.
People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Hope is a waking dream.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.
You're dead if you aim only for kids. Adults are only kids grown up, anyway.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate's loot on Treasure Island.
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
Laughter is America's most important export.
We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together.
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing.
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
The reason women don't play football is because 11 of them would never wear the same outfit in public.
What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day.
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron.
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor.
A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once.
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going.
Aim high, and you won't shoot your foot off.
You know you're old when someone compliments you on your alligator shoes, and you're barefoot.
There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto.
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
I admit, I have a tremendous sex drive. My boyfriend lives forty miles away.
My mother-in-law had a pain beneath her left breast. Turned out to be a trick knee.
Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room.
You know you're old if your walker has an airbag.
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
Any time three New Yorkers get into a cab without an argument, a bank has just been robbed.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
You see things; and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say, 'Why not?'
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
The best thing about dreams is that fleeting moment, when you are between asleep and awake, when you don't know the difference between reality and fantasy, when for just that one moment you feel with your entire soul that the dream is reality, and it really happened.
Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.
